# October 10, 2019 9:00 AM Project Meeting Minutes

## In attendance:

Rishi
Andrew
Justin (Project Manager)
Siddarth
Han (arrived 9:15am, car trouble)

## Minutes:

### 9:05 am

Rishi asks about the course average for sprint 1

### 9:08 am

Justin assigns the loading screen user story. Rishi agrees to take it.
Privacy policy user story stays with Siddarth

### 9:10 am

Justin asks about machine learning.
Waiting on Han for the machine learning backend user story(s)

Justin asks: What machine learning algorithm will we use?

### 9:17 am

Justin suggests that we create a user story and a task, to display a dummy city. We should define a page and its contents.

### 9:20 am

Han details the 
Andrew suggests creating a user story for it. Justin agrees and notes that user stories and git commits are what the class gives credit for.

### 9:22 am

Justin recommends creating a separate pipeline for abandoned or “garbage” user stories and tasks on ZenHub.

### 9:23 am
Justin mentions to Han, that we should be starting on user stories and tasks for the backend machine learning model. “As a quiz taker, … I want the results I receive to be plausible …”

We can make the quiz view return a JSON response when given a parameter to request it.

We can also render HTML on the server, send it to the client as a string, and have JavaScript add the string to the client’s current HTML document.

### 9:26 am

Han has set up the “Garbage” pipeline on ZenHub.

### 9:27 am

Justin says we should finish the user stories he as marked as being in progress. He recommends creating backend related user stories, even if they are just for research.

### 9:29 am

Han asks about missing user stories and tasks

### 9:30 am

Justin recommends putting the meeting minutes in a dedicated branch on GitHub.
